# Project Title

## Description

A brief description of what this project does and who it's for.

## Usage

To run the main notebook, open `main.ipynb` in a Jupyter notebook environment.

## Installation

To install the project's dependencies, run the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Data

The data used in this project is located in the `Data/` directory. Here's a brief description of each file:

- `ai.csv`: This file contains data generated by an AI (GPT-3.5).
- `data-prepare.ipynb`: This file is a Jupyter notebook used for data preparation.
- `final_data.csv`: This file contains the final processed data.
- `human.csv`: This file contains data generated by humans.
- `pre-made.csv`: This file contains pre-made data from the internet.
- `youtube_comments.csv`: This file contains data extracted from YouTube comments.

## Scripts

The `Scripts/` directory contains utility scripts used in this project:

- `utils.py`: This file contains utility functions for handling transformer models. It includes functions to download, load, and save transformer models and their tokenizers (`get_model`), make predictions on a batch of sentences (`model_predict`), and evaluate model performance by computing accuracy, recall, precision, and F1-score (`eval_model`).

## Progress

The `progress.txt` file contains a log of the project's progress.

## Contributing

This project is not open to contributions at this time.
It is made by [Aryan Mann](https://github.com/rusenbb) and [Siddharth Singh](https://github.com/BurakErcn).
